v5.18 Changelog (#3164)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/changelog.md

 - Fixed an issue where an opened emoji picker floated while the user scrolled in the channel.
 - Fixed an issue where "Your message is too long" warning on the right-hand side reply thread overlapped the Preview button.
 - Fixed an issue where hitting escape to close autocomplete also closed channel header modal.
 - Fixed an issue where negative search filter hypens and occasional random terms were highlighted in search results.
 - Fixed an issue where deactivating a user increased Monthly Active Users and Daily Active Users count by 1 in **System Console > Site Statistics**.
 - Fixed an issue where **Reporting > Statistics** showed 'Loading...' when the value for any of the statistics was zero.
 - Fixed an issue where converting a user to a bot via the command line tool (CLI) did not create an access token and could not be deleted.
 - Fixed an issue where archived channels displayed in **System Console -> Channels** page.

### config.json
Multiple setting options were added to `config.json`. Below is a list of the additions and their default values on install. The settings can be modified in `config.json`, or the System Console when available.

> #### Changes to Team Edition and Enterprise Edition:

Author: @jasonblais See a list of new config settings for 5.18 for documenting telemetry where needed.

Reviewer: Thank you!!

 - Added user_name, team_domain and channel_name metadata when clicking an interactive button.
 - Extended EnsureBot helper function to include bot images.
 - Added support for a generic error message in interactive dialog responses.
 
#### Plugins
 - Added support for interplugin communication.
 - Added support for server version and minimum server version checks in helper methods for plugins.
 - Added support for returning results for individual plugins in **System Console > Search**.
 - Added the ability to add submenus in post dropdowns for plugins.

#### Administration
 - Added support for System Administrators to control Teammate Name Display at the system level.
 - Added support for revoking Guest User Sessions when the Guest Accounts feature is disabled.
 - Added the ability to search in **System Console > Channels** and **System Console > Teams**.
 - Added the ability to add users as another user to the plugin API.
 - Restricted user access to ``/logs`` API endpoint.
 - Added "Remove team" and "Change role" options in Team Membership panel.
 - Added support for disabling channel settings for public and private toggle for default channels.

#### Enterprise Edition (EE)

>  - Added support for SAML login to the Audits Table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Added SAML login events to the Audits Table.
```

Also see [changelog in progress](http://bit.ly/2nK3cVf) for the next release.

## Release v5.18 - [Feature Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/process/release-faq.html#release-overview)

**Release day: 2019-12-16**

Mattermost v5.18.0 contains low to high level security fixes. [Upgrading](http://docs.mattermost.com/administration/upgrade.html) is recommended. Details will be posted on our [security updates page](https://about.mattermost.com/security-updates/) 30 days after release as per the [Mattermost Responsible Disclosure Policy](https://www.mattermost.org/responsible-disclosure-policy/).

### Compatibility
 
### Breaking Changes

>  - Breaking change for mark posts as unread **XXX**

Reviewer 3: Don't need a breaking change for mark as unread since it's not breaking anything, it's just something to be aware of while upgrading. We should add this to the upgrade notes instead: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Dtfem7No4Ws6NT0icKPNYZCtpH954N9HW2jN60-5ptE/edit#bookmark=id.6s51w98icjz3

 - Fixed an issue where an opened emoji picker floated while the user scrolled in the channel.
 - Fixed an issue where "Your message is too long" warning on the right-hand side reply thread overlapped the Preview button.
 - Fixed an issue where hitting escape to close autocomplete also closed channel header modal.
 - Fixed an issue where negative search filter hypens and occasional random terms were highlighted in search results.
 - Fixed an issue where deactivating a user increased Monthly Active Users and Daily Active Users count by 1 in **System Console > Site Statistics**.
 - Fixed an issue where **Reporting > Statistics** showed 'Loading...' when the value for any of the statistics was zero.
 - Fixed an issue where converting a user to a bot via the command line tool (CLI) did not create an access token and could not be deleted.
 - Fixed an issue where archived channels displayed in **System Console -> Channels** page.

### config.json
Multiple setting options were added to `config.json`. Below is a list of the additions and their default values on install. The settings can be modified in `config.json`, or the System Console when available.

> #### Changes to Team Edition and Enterprise Edition:

Reviewer 3: Missing the change for push notification content setting. The "id_loaded" option was added for E20. See my docs PR
